Update README.md (#45)
dapr-sandbox/dapr-shared: README.md

## Why Dapr Shared? 

> By default, when Dapr is installed into a Kubernetes Cluster, the Dapr Control Plane is in charge of injecting the `daprd` sidecar to workloads annotated with  Dapr annotations (`dapr.io/enabled: "true"`). This mechanism delegates the responsibility of defining which workloads will be interacting with the Dapr APIs to the team in charge of deploying and configuring these workloads. Sidecars had the advantage of being co-located with your applications, so all communications between the application and the sidecar happen without involving the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when Dapr is installed into a Kubernetes Cluster, the Dapr Control Plane is in charge of injecting the `daprd` sidecar to workloads annotated with  Dapr annotations (`dapr.io/enabled: "true"`). This mechanism delegates the responsibility of defining which workloads will be interacting with the Dapr APIs to the team in charge of deploying and configuring these workloads. Sidecars had the advantage of being co-located with your applications, so all communication between the application and the sidecar happens without involving the network.
```
I think this might make readability a bit better
